README.md, before:

## Hi there, I'm Roman 👋

I currently studying Business Informatics with a strong focus on AI and data-driven technologies. I'm seeking opportunities to apply machine learning in solving real-world business challenges.

---

## 🛠️ Skills

| Area                    | Tools & Technologies                                |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Programming             | Python, SQL, JavaScript                             |
| Data Science            | Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, SimPy      |
| Artificial Intelligence | Tensorflow, PyTorch, RAG, HuggingFace, LangChain    |
| Web Dev                 | HTML/CSS, Git                                       |
| Business Tools          | Excel, BPMN                                         |

---

## 💼 Experience

Although I'm early in my career, I've gained valuable experience through university projects and team collaborations, developing:
- Strong problem-solving skills
- Clear and structured communication
- The ability to translate business needs into tech solutions

---

## 🌱 Current Focus

- Exploring working on a research project to leverage RL and CoT in the area of Vision-Language-Action-Models
- Building small AI projects to sharpen my dev skills

---

<!---## 📌 Favorite Projects)

<> (- 💡 **AI Price Predictor** – Scrapes and learns from product data to estimate prices. ) 
- 🧾 **Budget Buddy** – A personal finance tracker with charts and daily insights.  
- 📈 **KPI Dashboard** – Business metrics visualized in one slick dashboard.

---
-->
## 🏅 Highlights

- ✔️ Completed IBM RAG course => Follow-Up project of a mini-rag research assitant
- 🥇 Ranked top 1% in uni code of advent 2024
- 🚀 Presented a prototype at a student startup event (a social robot companion)

---

📫 **Let’s chat!** Whether it's a cool idea, a job, or an open-source collab — I’d love to connect!

Commit message:

Update README.md with new published projects

README.md, after:

## Hi there, I'm Roman 👋

I currently studying Business Informatics with a strong focus on AI and data-driven technologies. I'm seeking opportunities to apply machine learning in solving real-world business challenges.

---

## 🛠️ Skills

| Area                    | Tools & Technologies                                |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Programming             | Python, SQL, JavaScript                             |
| Data Science            | Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, SimPy      |
| Artificial Intelligence | Tensorflow, PyTorch, RAG, HuggingFace, LangChain    |
| Web Dev                 | HTML/CSS, Git                                       |
| Business Tools          | Excel, BPMN                                         |

---

## 💼 Experience

Although I'm early in my career, I've gained valuable experience through university projects and team collaborations, developing:
- Strong problem-solving skills
- Clear and structured communication
- The ability to translate business needs into tech solutions

---

## 🌱 Current Focus

- Exploring working on a research project to leverage RL and CoT in the area of Vision-Language-Action-Models
- Building small AI projects to sharpen my dev skills

---

## 📌 Favorite Projects)

- 📈 **BizInsAIght:** Analyzing and visualizing financial data with AI-powered insights in an intuitive dashboard.
- 🏫 **Mini-RAG Research assistant:**: Answering questions about uploaded research paper.

---
## 🏅 Highlights

- ✔️ Completed IBM RAG course => Follow-Up project of a mini-rag research assitant
- 🥇 Ranked top 1% in uni code of advent 2024
- 🚀 Presented a prototype at a student startup event (a social robot companion)

---

📫 **Let’s chat!** Whether it's a cool idea, a job, or an open-source collab — I’d love to connect!
